com/lqd/androidpractice/rx/RxJavaDemoActivity.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.rx.RxJavaDemoActivity
 com.lqd.androidpractice.rx.RxJavaDemoActivity$1
 com.lqd.androidpractice.rx.RxJavaDemoActivity$2
 com.lqd.androidpractice.rx.RxJavaDemoActivity$3
 com.lqd.androidpractice.rx.RxJavaDemoActivity$4
 com.lqd.androidpractice.rx.RxJavaDemoActivity$5
com/lqd/androidpractice/oom/innerclass/OOMInnerClassActivity.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.innerclass.OOMInnerClassActivity
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.innerclass.OOMInnerClassActivity$1
com/lqd/androidpractice/BR.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.BR
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/TestActivityBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.TestActivityBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/provider/UsersProvider.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.provider.UsersProvider
 com.lqd.androidpractice.provider.UsersProvider$DatabaseHelper
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityOomInnerClassBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityOomInnerClassBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/TextRowUserBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.TextRowUserBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/activity/ContentProviderTestActivity.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.activity.ContentProviderTestActivity
com/lqd/androidpractice/BuildConfig.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.BuildConfig
com/lqd/androidpractice/oom/thread/OOMThreadExampleActivity.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.thread.OOMThreadExampleActivity
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.thread.OOMThreadExampleActivity$1
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.thread.OOMThreadExampleActivity$2
com/lqd/androidpractice/recyclerview/MyLayoutManager.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.recyclerview.MyLayoutManager
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityPoolTestBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityPoolTestBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/MainActivity.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.MainActivity
 com.lqd.androidpractice.MainActivity$1
 com.lqd.androidpractice.MainActivity$2
 com.lqd.androidpractice.MainActivity$3
 com.lqd.androidpractice.MainActivity$4
 com.lqd.androidpractice.MainActivity$5
 com.lqd.androidpractice.MainActivity$6
 com.lqd.androidpractice.MainActivity$7
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ItemWorldBannerGiftGameBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ItemWorldBannerGiftGameBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityOomThreadBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityOomThreadBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/recyclerview/diffutil/DiffUtilAdapter.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.recyclerview.diffutil.DiffUtilAdapter
 com.lqd.androidpractice.recyclerview.diffutil.DiffUtilAdapter$MyDiffCallback
 com.lqd.androidpractice.recyclerview.diffutil.DiffUtilAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/lqd/androidpractice/recyclerview/TestAdapter.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.recyclerview.TestAdapter
 com.lqd.androidpractice.recyclerview.TestAdapter$TestViewHolder
com/lqd/androidpractice/recyclerview/MyItemAnimator.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.recyclerview.MyItemAnimator
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityJetpackBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityJetpackBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityJetpackBindingImpl.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityJetpackBindingImpl
com/lqd/androidpractice/LQDApplication.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.LQDApplication
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/TextRowItemBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.TextRowItemBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/handler/HandlerActivity.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.handler.HandlerActivity
 com.lqd.androidpractice.handler.HandlerActivity$1
 com.lqd.androidpractice.handler.HandlerActivity$2
 com.lqd.androidpractice.handler.HandlerActivity$3
 com.lqd.androidpractice.handler.HandlerActivity$3$1
 com.lqd.androidpractice.handler.HandlerActivity$MyHandler
com/lqd/androidpractice/oom/innerclass/OOMInnerClassRightActivity.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.innerclass.OOMInnerClassRightActivity
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.innerclass.OOMInnerClassRightActivity$WeakTextWatcher
com/lqd/androidpractice/fragment/LQDBaseFragment.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.fragment.LQDBaseFragment
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityContentProviderTestBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityContentProviderTestBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityOomHandlerBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityOomHandlerBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityRecyclerviewTestBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityRecyclerviewTestBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/TestView.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.TestView
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityLauch2Binding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityLauch2Binding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityKotlinTest1Binding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityKotlinTest1Binding
com/lqd/androidpractice/recyclerview/RecyclerviewTestActivity.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.recyclerview.RecyclerviewTestActivity
 com.lqd.androidpractice.recyclerview.RecyclerviewTestActivity$1
com/lqd/androidpractice/recyclerview/diffutil/User.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.recyclerview.diffutil.User
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityLaunch3Binding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityLaunch3Binding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityLaunch1Binding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityLaunch1Binding
com/lqd/androidpractice/oom/handler/OOMHandlerActivity.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.handler.OOMHandlerActivity
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.handler.OOMHandlerActivity$1
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityHandlerBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityHandlerBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityLaunch4Binding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityLaunch4Binding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityDiffUtilDemoBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityDiffUtilDemoBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityRxJavaDemoBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityRxJavaDemoBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/ActivityContentProviderTestBindingImpl.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.ActivityContentProviderTestBindingImpl
com/lqd/androidpractice/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/lqd/androidpractice/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.lqd.androidpractice.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.lqd.androidpractice.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/lqd/androidpractice/databinding/FramentPoolTestBinding.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.databinding.FramentPoolTestBinding
com/lqd/androidpractice/oom/handler/OOMHandlerRightActivity.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.handler.OOMHandlerRightActivity
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.handler.OOMHandlerRightActivity$MyHandler
com/lqd/androidpractice/view/CustomView.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.view.CustomView
com/lqd/androidpractice/oom/thread/OOMThreadRightActivity.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.thread.OOMThreadRightActivity
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.thread.OOMThreadRightActivity$MyAsyncTask
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.thread.OOMThreadRightActivity$MyRunnable
com/lqd/androidpractice/oom/singleton/OOMSingletonManager.java
 com.lqd.androidpractice.oom.singleton.OOMSingletonManager
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
